The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Be on the alert to recognize your prime at whatever time of your life it may occur.
Your road to glory will be rocky, but fulfilling.
Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
Patience is your alley at the moment. Don’t worry!
Nothing is impossible to a willing heart.
Don’t worry about money. The best things in life are free.
Don’t pursue happiness – create it.
Courage is not the absence of fear; it is the conquest of it.
Nothing is so much to be feared as fear.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
The real kindness comes from within you.
A ship in harbor is safe, but that’s not why ships are built.
You don’t need strength to let go of something. What you really need is understanding.
If you want the rainbow, you have to tolerate the rain.
Fear is interest paid on a debt you may not owe.
Hardly anyone knows how much is gained by ignoring the future.
The wise man is the one that makes you think that he is dumb.
The usefulness of a cup is in its emptiness.
He who throws mud loses ground.
Success lies in the hands of those who wants it.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
It takes less time to do a thing right than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
Big journeys begin with a single step.
Of all our human resources, the most precious is the desire to improve.
Do the thing you fear and the death of fear is certain.
You never show your vulnerability, you are always self assured and confident.
People learn little from success, but much from failure.
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still.
We must always have old memories and young hopes.
A person who won’t read has no advantage over a person who can’t read.
He who expects no gratitude shall never be disappointed.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
The best way to get rid of an enemy is to make a friend.
It’s amazing how much good you can do if you don’t care who gets the credit.
Never forget that a half truth is a whole lie.
Happiness isn’t an outside job, it’s an inside job.
If you do no run your subconscious mind yourself, someone else will.
Yes by calling full, you created emptiness.
The fortune you seek is in another cookie. 
A closed mouth gathers no feet. 
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking. 
A cynic is only a frustrated optimist. 
A foolish man listens to his heart. A wise man listens to cookies. 
You will die alone and poorly dressed. 
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind, and won't change the subject. 
If you look back, you'll soon be going that way. 
You will live long enough to open many fortune cookies. 
An alien of some sort will be appearing to you shortly. 
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity. 
Flattery will go far tonight. 
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at. 
He who laughs last is laughing at you. 
He who throws dirt is losing ground. 
Some men dream of fortunes, others dream of cookies. 
The greatest danger could be your stupidity. 
We don't know the future, but here's a cookie. 
The world may be your oyster, but it doesn't mean you'll get its pearl. 
You will be hungry again in one hour. 
The road to riches is paved with homework. 
You can always find happiness at work on Friday. 
Actions speak louder than fortune cookies. 
Because of your melodic nature, the moonlight never misses an appointment. 
Don't behave with cold manners. 
Don't forget you are always on our minds. 
Fortune not found? Abort, Retry, Ignore. 
Help! I am being held prisoner in a fortune cookie factory. 
It's about time I got out of that cookie. 
Never forget a friend. Especially if he owes you. 
Never wear your best pants when you go to fight for freedom. 
Only listen to the fortune cookie; disregard all other fortune telling units. 
It is a good day to have a good day. 
All fortunes are wrong except this one. 
Someone will invite you to a Karaoke party. 
That wasn't chicken. 
There is no mistake so great as that of being always right. 
You love Chinese food. 
I am worth a fortune. 
No snowflake feels responsible in an avalanche. 
You will receive a fortune cookie. 
Some fortune cookies contain no fortune. 
Don't let statistics do a number on you. 
You are not illiterate. 
May you someday be carbon neutral. 
You have rice in your teeth. 
Avoid taking unnecessary gambles. Lucky numbers: 12, 15, 23, 28, 37 
Ask your mom instead of a cookie. 
This cookie contains 117 calories. 
Hard work pays off in the future. Laziness pays off now. 
You think it's a secret, but they know. 
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is it naked or homeless? 
Change is inevitable, except for vending machines. 
Don't eat the paper. 